he believes in hard work he believes
that people should earn their desserts
he believes that the that the campesinos
don't understand how to run the country
therefore should not have a vote and so
he said he's what we would now describe
as a sort of right-wing reactionary but
at the time certainly a man of his age
he's not a sympathetic man I think it's
very important that that Esteban be
disliked for the large part of the film
because he is hard I hope the audience
will understand what makes him so but I
don't think they'll like him and I think
that's right for the structure what I
think happens at the end of the story is
that as he gets older he sweetens and he
is forgiven by his wife it's one of the
things that that our story is about is
about forgiveness and about the fact
that we must as a race forgive each
other and stop wanting to settle scores
and stop wanting to revenge but actually
to accept that people are what they are
because that's how they've been made and
although I think I hope we won't like
him through the picture at the end his
wife when talking to his daughter says
you know your father isn't malicious he
just has too much energy and I think
that's a pretty good signing up of
Esteban I was a great admirer of Billy
August I liked the two films of his I'd
seen I liked the performances he got out
of actors which is always a sign for an
actor you look for that because you
think you know director may be good a
story or maybe but a camerawork
I'll made a good at cutting but if he
also gets good performances out of his
actors then obviously he takes care over
that and strangely enough some directors
in film aren't very interested in
performance so I thought three years ago
if that can be made and if billing and
making I want